doc: Bluetooth: Mesh: update proxy solicitation docs (#56711)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/connectivity/bluetooth/api/mesh/proxy.rst

controlled by the :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_models_cfg_srv`, and the initial value
can be set with :c:member:`bt_mesh_cfg_srv.gatt_proxy`.

Nodes with the Proxy feature enabled can advertise with Network Identity and Node Identity,
which is controlled by the :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_models_cfg_cli`.

The GATT Proxy state indicates if the Proxy feature is supported.

Private Proxy
*************

A node supporting the Proxy feature and the :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_models_priv_beacon_srv` model can advertise with
Private Network Identity and Private Node Identity types, which is controlled by the
:ref:`bluetooth_mesh_models_priv_beacon_cli`. By advertising with this set of identification types,

> the node is allowing its Proxy Client to connect to the network over GATT while maintaining the

Author: "..the node is allowing its legacy device.." Is this correct? The legacy device is a potential node in a network, is it not? 
```suggestion
the legacy device is allowed to connect to the network over GATT while maintaining the
```

> the node is allowing its Proxy Client to connect to the network over GATT while maintaining the

Reviewer: Ok, sounds weird. What about:
```
By advertising with this set of identification types, the node allows the legacy device to connect to the network over GATT while maintaining the privacy of the network.
```

privacy of the network.

The Private GATT Proxy state indicates whether the Private Proxy functionality is supported.

Proxy Solicitation
******************

In the case where both GATT Proxy and Private GATT Proxy states are disabled, the device cannot
connect to the network over GATT. A device supporting the :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_od_srv` may however be
solicited to advertise connectable advertising events without enabling the Private GATT Proxy state.

> To solicit the device, a Proxy Client may send a solicitation PDU by calling the :func:`bt_mesh_proxy_solicit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To solicit the device, a legacy device should send a solicitation PDU by calling the :func:`bt_mesh_proxy_solicit`.
```

To enable this feature, the Client must to be compiled with the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_PROXY_SOLICITATION`
option set.

Solicitation PDUs are non-mesh, non-connectable, undirected advertising messages
containing Proxy Solicitation UUID, encrypted with the network key of the network that the Client
wants to connect to. The PDU contains the source address of the Client and a sequence number. The
sequence number is maintained by the Client and is incremented for every new solicitation PDU sent.

Each node supporting Solicitation PDU reception holds its own Solicitation Replay Protection List (SRPL).
The SRPL protects the solicitation mechanism from replay attacks by storing solicitation sequence number (SSEQ)

> and solicitation source (SSRC) pairs of valid Solicitation PDUs processed by the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and solicitation source (SSRC) pairs of valid Solicitation PDUs processed by the node.
The delay between updating the SRPL and storing the change to the persistent storage is defined by :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_RPL_STORE_TIMEOUT`.
```

The Solicitation PDU RPL Configuration models, :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_srpl_cli` and
:ref:`bluetooth_mesh_srpl_srv`, provide the functionality of saving and clearing SRPL entries.
The Client can clear a section of the SRPL on the target device by calling the :func:`bt_mesh_sol_pdu_rpl_clear`.
Communication between the Solicitation PDU RPL Configuration Client and Server is encrypted using the application key, therefore,
the Solicitation PDU RPL Configuration Client can be instantiated on any device in the network.

When the server device receives the solicitation PDU and successfully authenticates it, it will start
advertising connectable advertisements with the Private Network Identity type. The duration of the

> advertisement can be configured by the On-Demand Private Proxy Server model.

Reviewer: Perhaps it should be client?
```suggestion
advertisement can be configured by the On-Demand Private Proxy client model.
```

To enable this feature, the Client must to be compiled with the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_PROXY_SOLICITATION`
option set.

Solicitation PDUs are non-mesh, non-connectable, undirected advertising messages
containing Proxy Solicitation UUID, encrypted with the network key of the subnet that the legacy device
wants to connect to. The PDU contains the source address of the legacy device and a sequence number. The
sequence number is maintained by the legacy device and is incremented for every new solicitation PDU sent.

Each node supporting Solicitation PDU reception holds its own Solicitation Replay Protection List (SRPL).
The SRPL protects the solicitation mechanism from replay attacks by storing solicitation sequence number (SSEQ)
and solicitation source (SSRC) pairs of valid Solicitation PDUs processed by the node. The delay between updating the
SRPL and storing the change to the persistent storage is defined by :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_RPL_STORE_TIMEOUT`.
The Solicitation PDU RPL Configuration models, :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_srpl_cli` and
:ref:`bluetooth_mesh_srpl_srv`, provide the functionality of saving and clearing SRPL entries.

> A node that supports the Solicitation PDU RPL Configuration Client model can clear a section of the SRPL on the target by calling the :func:`bt_mesh_sol_pdu_rpl_clear`.

Author: It is meant in a general sense :)

controlled by the :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_models_cfg_srv`, and the initial value
can be set with :c:member:`bt_mesh_cfg_srv.gatt_proxy`.

Nodes with the Proxy feature enabled can advertise with Network Identity and Node Identity,
which is controlled by the :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_models_cfg_cli`.

The GATT Proxy state indicates if the Proxy feature is supported.

Private Proxy
*************

> A node supporting the :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_models_priv_beacon_srv` can advertise with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A node supporting the Proxy feature and the :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_models_priv_beacon_srv` can advertise with
```

Private Network Identity and Private Node Identity types, which is controlled by the
:ref:`bluetooth_mesh_models_priv_beacon_cli`. Private Beacons provide privacy by periodically

> randomizing the beacon input data. By advertising with this set of identification types,

Reviewer: Sentence `Private Beacons provide privacy by periodically randomizing the beacon input data.` is belongs to Private Beacons, but here we don't send beacons. The next sentence explains the need for Private types so I think this sentence can be removed.

the node is allowing its Proxy Client to connect to the network over GATT while maintaining the
privacy of the network. This functionality is called Private Proxy. For the Private Proxy
functionality to be supported, the Proxy feature, Private Network Identity advertising, and

> Mesh Private beacons must be supported by the node.

Reviewer: I think the last 2 sentences aren't needed. What needs to be supported by the node and what Private Proxy gives is explained above. This is more like a spec statement, but for a user to enable the support of this feature it is enough to instantiate Private Beacon Server model and enable GATT Proxy support (which is explained in the section above).
```
This functionality is called Private Proxy. For the Private Proxy functionality to be supported, the Proxy feature, Private Network Identity advertising, and Mesh Private beacons must be supported by the node.
```
